Fix Venmo Dictionary Construction (#1075)
braintree/braintree_ios: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased
* Expose reference documentation for `BTAppContextSwitcher.handleOpen(_:)` and `BTAppContextSwitcher.handleOpenURL(context:)`
* BraintreeVenmo

>   * Fix bug where tokenizations failed by only adding transaction details dictionary when present (fixes #1074)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fix bug where tokenizations failed when sending an empty dictionary for `transactionDetails` in the `CreateVenmoPaymentContext` call (fixes #1074)
```
